[theme music playing]
[eerie music playing]
[birds chirping]
[indistinct chatter]
[chatter continues]
[birds chirping]
[growls]
[growling continues]
What the hell are you
doing with your life?
I'm talking to you,
Trevor Belmont...
of House Belmont,
with no living relatives.
It is you I address.
Last surviving monster hunter
from out here in
the armpit of the world.
What the actual hell
are you thinking?
Idiot.
You're a tramp.
You're excommunicated.
You have no family,
you have no friends.
You've spent your entire adult life
being hated by everybody
you ever met.
And you were fine with that.
You even liked it.
Nobody could get near you,
nobody could ruin your life...
because there wasn't
much left to ruin.
But that last little bit of it?
That was yours.
And then what?
A pretty girl holds your hand
and takes you to bed,
and all of a sudden--
And all of a sudden
your world changes,
and you don't know
what to think about it.
Sorry.
You weren't following me,
were you?
This is my little place of peace.
I come out here to think
sometimes.
Pretty sure your nice little house
has a door on it.
[chuckling]
I can't always do it at home.
Someone can always
knock on my door.
Somebody always
needs something.
Sometimes I have to walk
outside the town
to be able to see it properly.
So:
you're an actual Belmont.
I grew up with stories
about your family.
Scary bedtime stories?
Mostly.
They still tell them here,
you know.
But they have a different ending now.
Oh?
They end with "And the Belmonts
aren't here to save you anymore,
so if you're not good,
the monster will come and eat you up."
-Christ.
-Yes.
Well, Lindenfelders are
a basic kind of people.
Honest to the point of brutality.
You're not one of them?
Not really.
You can't be part of the town
and also rule it.
To be a leader,
you will always be...
held apart from
the rest of your world.
I was born here, so I can claim
to be a Lindenfelder.
But my family and I left
when I was young.
We moved to the capital,
you see.
I remember thinking as we left:
"I'll never see this place again."
I remember thinking the same thing
as I left my old house.
Places have a strange way
of catching back up with you.
Huh.
I suppose so.
Like some roads are circular.
I rose in the court at the capital,
and did just well enough...
that I was sent back here
to head the town.
In my experience,
no good deed goes unpunished.
Do you miss the capital?
I only passed through it
a couple of times.
Well, coming back here
to run the town
was an odd little revelation for me.
The same stories happen in cities,
but there are so many people in cities
that the stories just rush by.
Here, every little story is a huge thing.
A farming accident. A sickness.
A lost child. A death.
They have an importance
to the whole place.
Doesn't happen in cities.
So: how long have you and Sypha
been traveling together?
[Trevor grunts]
Couple of months.
We were supposed to go
and rejoin her caravan, but...
things happened along the way.
And at some point, we decided
to just keep moving, I suppose.
[Judge] Well, it doesn't sound like
you decided much of anything.
[Trevor]
I suppose not.
Not really a man with a plan,
are you, Belmont?
I don't especially trust
men with plans.
That Saint Germain git in town,
he's a man with a plan.
-That's what they're like.
-Fucking charlatan.
We used to see them in the capital,
his type.
Drifting between
the courts of Europe,
pulling rabbits out of hats
in hope of patronage.
[Trevor]
What's he doing here?
[Judge] God knows.
Maybe he's finally hit bottom.
-Wait.
-What?
That wasn't there yesterday.
Are you sure that's not just some kid
fucking around with his first knife?
Children do not run around
defacing property with knives in my town.
In fact, they don't run around at all,
if I can help it.
And you know it wasn't there yesterday?
[sighs]
This is my town, Belmont.
It's my job to pay attention to it.
[Trevor] I have to say, running a town
does not sound like it's fun.
It has its little pleasures.
[wind whistling]
[crows cawing]
[footsteps approaching]
[inaudible]
[ominous music playing]
It's here.
It's really here.
This way?
[footsteps]
You were told where to stay,
Saint Germain.
And I absolutely am.
Except that you appear
to be in front of me.
Well, terribly embarrassing, really.
I was looking for somewhere discreet
to urinate.
Go outside like everyone else.
Of course.
Why do you think I would believe
you were looking for somewhere
to piss down here?
Well, I-I-I recently spent time
in the Free Imperial City of Frankfurt
where public toilets
are often accessed by step.
And since Lindenfeld is so obviously
a seat of civilization and refinement,
I thought--
Outside.
Outside. Indeed.
Public toilets.
Does this really look
like a palace to you?
[crows cawing]
Hello.
Hello?
I've been watching the priory
for a while now.
Have you? That's nice.
Since you are a Speaker,
I imagine that distracted you
from the usual Speaker pursuits
of memorizing limericks,
boiling vegetables,
and casually reproducing.
[chuckles] I am a Speaker.
Good eye.
-I have two, in fact.
-So do I.
I see that only the monks enter or leave
the priory-- Except for you.
Well, I am very special.
You're also a magician.
I have two eyes, too.
I'd prefer not to speak of that.
Why? You've made no secret of it.
Little tricks for the townsfolk.
Lots of talk.
-Yes. For good reason.
-What reason?
Let's just say I like it better
if people here believe
I'm a traveling scholar
and an itinerant trickster.
What you're saying is,
you'd like it to stay that way.
I've been unconscionably rude.
I also recognize a threat
when I hear it.
I imagine you're used to them.
I've disrespected you,
and I apologize.
I am Count Saint Germain.
I'm Sypha Belnades.
Speaker Magician.
And you travel with
the Belmont boy.
I do.
There is bad magic being done
in that place, Saint Germain.
What exactly is it?
[sighs] All right.
There is a thing I am in search of
inside the priory.
It is occult in nature.
It is quite safe,
if operated wisely.
Yes, I am quite sure something else
is going on in there.
It stinks of night creature.
But my only interest
is in that one thing.
So I would respectfully ask
- that you go forth and--
-Stop.
Oh. That's worrying.
You've seen
the armbands they wear.
Yes. And now I see this.
The alchemical sign for Saturn.
And lead, denoting transformation
and redemption.
And the scythe:
time and the harvest.
How did they come by the sign
they wear on the armbands?
They say their Visitor
gave it to them.
The night creature
that attacked the priory.
Did it give them this one, too?
What in the name of God
is going on in there?
God? I understood you Speakers to have
quite the fractious relationship with God.
On today's evidence,
I wonder if Christianity
hasn't gone out of fashion.
Oh, God was terrible.
He was fierce and jealous.
We all know the old stories of God,
and we fear him.
But Yeshua, the Christ?
His sacrifice was a lesson
in how to love unconditionally.
Which only makes sense,
as my grandfather always said
that we want our children
to exceed us in every way.
You're an unusual woman.
-Trevor says that.
-Does he really?
Well, he says I'm crazy.
But what you said is what he means.
And you did not answer my question.
I'm honestly not certain.
I am focused entirely
on my personal goal.
They're all quite mad.
But this does seem...
odd.
[Trevor]
"Odd" is seeing that mark...
twice in one day.
Ah, I'd like you to meet my new friend,
the Count Saint Germain.
-We've met.
-Yes.
I should apologize to you, too.
I was simply trying to find out if
you were here for the same reason I was.
Given the nature
of your family business and all.
And what reason is that?
It's personal.
I need a drink.
Do you need a drink,
Saint Germain?
I do not.
Yes, you do.
Let's all go to the tavern
and have a quiet little chat.
I'd prefer something more private.
There won't be any monks
in the tavern,
and it's just public enough
to stop me slitting your throat,
or Sypha setting you on fire.
Move.
You-You wouldn't?
Oh, he wouldn't really
slit your throat.
But I could kill you by looking at you.
Come.
Show me how you attack.
I would, but you wouldn't let me
have my bow.
[blades clanking]
Archers run out of arrows all the time.
I want to see how good you are
when it comes down to a blade.
Ah. [laughs]
Why is your sword so long?
I can't get close.
You want to get close?
[Alucard hisses]
Never let a vampire in close.
I'm half-vampire.
Half of me wants you
to step in close enough
for me to bite out your throat.
That's why I have a bow and arrows!
Hey!
-[Sumi laughs]
-Get him, Sumi!
[Alucard laughs]
[all laughing]
[laughter continues]
You have both just been eaten
by vampires.
No, we captured him
and made him our slave.
Make lunch now.
But I do like that you've remembered
how to still be human.
This human could eat lunch, too.
All right, fine.
After which you're going to show me
how you attack from a distance.
I want to see what I have
to work with here.
You're working with hungry people.
Carry me to the castle
and make lunch, slave.
And after that?
[chuckling]
After that we'll see what's in the armory
that might suit you better.
And then, we may talk about
simple combat spell-casting.
But first, I will magic
you greedy children up some food.
Ugh. I'll be glad when I've finished that.
Are you really
an ale drinker, young magician?
I'm developing a taste
for the rougher things in life.
-She means me.
-I mean him.
Well, a rounded education
is a good thing.
The stories I could tell you
about my days in the slums of Paris.
And that one marvelous night
when I invented a drink.
I made it from anise, fennel,
and the mystical wormwood root.
But nobody remembers because we woke up
three weeks later somewhere in Latvia,
stark naked and utterly drenched in--
Saint Germain. The priory.
What's your interest?
Hmm.
I do not trust people, generally.
But Speakers are honorable...
and the pedigree of the house of Belmont
speaks for itself.
Have you heard...
of the Infinite Corridor?
-Yes.
Well, I suppose
this was the wrong company
to unveil ancient occult secrets in
and expect to be impressive.
Our remembered stories conflict.
Some say the Infinite Corridor
is a pathway to other worlds.
Others say it's a portal to Hell.
Only one of my family
ever encountered it.
She said it was like a door
into countless levels of Hell.
It was in a castle in Livonia.
She knocked the castle down.
Mm. Your family tends to be
destructively direct.
But you're both right.
The Infinite Corridor is a route
to many other worlds.
It's certainly possible
that one of them is Hell.
However, in the experience of those
of my particular expertise,
it is in fact a system of doors
to other lands,
separated from our own
by space and time.
A long time ago...
I lost someone very dear to me
in the Infinite Corridor.
And I have been looking
for a way back in ever since.
Portals to the Corridor
are few and far between,
and they drift in and out of existence.
There is a portal to the Infinite Corridor
under the priory.
They haven't let me go down there yet,
but I know it's there.
-Lithomancy.
-Indeed.
The jewel has guided me here
to the portal.
Of course, if I'd known there was a portal
under a pile of stones in fucking Livonia,
I wouldn't have had to traipse across
the entire gaping gray asshole
of Eastern Europe
to trick my way past
a gaggle of mad monks, would I?
Ugh! Christ alive, do you people
shit on the grapes?
-Who did you lose?
-Does it matter?
Now you know why I'm here
and what I'm about,
and it has nothing to do with
random alchemical signs
or Sala's crazy horde.
All right, all right, calm down.
You have no enemies at this table.
Just stay out of my way.
That's all I ask.
You don't want to see it,
do you?
See what?
A night creature landed on a priory
that has a portal
to other worlds under it.
What if that was not an accident?
[Trevor]
What if they never left?
Well...
Shit.
[theme music playing]